I'm sorry, but errors were detected in your script. Please correct the
errors listed below, and try again.


File "game/greg2.rpy", line 1031: expected statement.
(Perhaps you left out a " at the end of the first line.)
    "{i}BEEP.
        with vpunch
        extend " BEEP.{nw}"
                       ^
        with vpunch
        extend " BEEP.{/i}"
        with vpunch
        
        "I freeze as the detector gate thingy goes off. I only have a split second to make a decision."
        
        menu:
            
            "Run, or stay and apologize?"
        
            "(Run)":
                jump greg2_steal2
    
            "(Stay)":
                jump greg2_steal2
            
    label greg2_steal2:
        
        p "We should—"
        
        show greg shock with char
        play music "jersey-devil.ogg" fadeout 1
    
        "Before I can continue, Greg makes the decision for me by grabbing my wrist and pulling me into the corridor."
        
        p "Whoa!"
        g "Come on, it's crowded as hell! No one's going to be able to follow us!"
        
        scene bg mall
        with fade
    
        "I fall into step beside Greg, my heart pounding. It takes all my focus to not run into potted plants, so I can't check to see if we're being chased in the first place. I think I hear Yin cheering us on."
        
        "Eventually, Greg and I duck into a family bathroom and lock the door behind us. I bend over, panting. Greg lets out a crow of excitement."
        
        show greg smirk with char
        
        g "Woo! That was great!"
        
        show greg neutral
        show yin shock at midleft with char
    
        yi "Hard agree!"
        p "So you took the time to block the camera, but you didn't have a plan for the detector gate thingy??"
        
        hide yin with char
        show greg smirk
    
        g "I did have a plan. Run like hell."
        "Greg smirks at me. Instead of deigning him with a response, I sit down on the closed toilet with a huff."
        
        show greg neutral
    
        p "Man, this comic book better be freaking worth it."
        
        show yang close at midright with char
    
        ya "Tisk, tisk. You should have listened to me."
        
        show greg annoyed
    
        g "Oh, can it, Yang. We got away, didn't we?"
        
        hide yang with char
        show greg neutral
    
        "After we catch our breath, Greg and I peek out of the bathroom. There are no alarms or mall cops or anything out of place, except a couple of old people giving us judgemental stares for going into the bathroom together. Flushing at the implication, I grab my bag and hurry outside."
        
        p "Why don't we do something a little more relaxing?"
        g "Sure, sure."
        p "Still no preference?"
    
        show greg smirk
    
        g "Nah, I've had my kicks."
        
        jump greg2_main1
        
    label greg2_steal3:
        
        p "I'm just going to put it back."
        
        show yin annoyed
    
        yi "{i}Pbbbbbt.{/i} Boring."
        
        show yang close
    
        ya "You're making the right decision, dear."
        p "I just wouldn't feel right stealing from this place, you know? It was my whole freaking childhood. And the shopkeeper doesn't deserve that."
    
        show greg annoyed
        
        g "Ah, whatever. Guess you have a point."
        
        scene bg mall
        show greg neutral
        with fade
    
        "We spend a few more minutes browsing the comic books, but eventually leave empty-handed."
        
        g "Where to next?"
        
        jump greg2_main1
        
    label greg2_leave1:
    
        p "I'm getting kind of tired. Do you want to head home?"
        
        show greg neutral
    
        g "Sounds alright to me, as long as we stop by the food court. I'm starving."
        
        show yang close at midright with char
    
        ya "Like usual."
        
        show greg smirk
    
        g "Hey, it takes a lot of food to maintain a body like this!"
        "He locks his fingers together and stretches his scrawny arms in front of him. I snort in disbelief."
        p "Come on, let's go."
        
        scene bg foodcourt
        show greg neutral
        with fade
        
        if renpy.music.get_playing(channel='music') != "mothman.ogg":
            play music "mothman.ogg" fadeout 1
    
        "Before long, I step over a discarded, mustard-stained napkin that's a sure sign of our destination."
        
        p "Oh, man. Lots of fond memories of eating here as a kid. Hamburger Queen, always Hamburger Queen."
        g "I'm more of a Panda Central guy myself. You know, I didn't have fast food until I was sixteen."
        p "No. That's cruel and unusual."
        
        show greg smirk
    
        g "Tell me about it! When I moved into civilization for the first time, I had pizza and Chinese takeout every day for a year."
        
        show greg annoyed
    
        g "Come to think of it, that's probably why I developed heartburn."
        p "Yeah, that'll do it."
        
        hide greg with char
    
        "Greg wanders off to get his cheap Chinese food, while I consider my options. I ate with Bea earlier, so I'm not super hungry. Maybe I could buy both of us drinks?"
        
        p "Pssst. Yin, Yang. What does Greg like to drink?"
        
        show yang neutral 2 at slightright
    
        ya "Cherry soda."
        
        show yang at slightright with char
        show yin shock at slightleft with char
    
        yi "Iced coffee!"
        p "Is this a \"one tells the truth, the other tells only lies\" situation?"

Ren'Py Version: Ren'Py 7.3.5.606
Thu Oct 31 03:48:05 2019
